LIST OF LAB EXPERIMENTS
 1. Familiarization of Hardware Components of a Computer

 2. Familiarization of Linux environment – How to do Programming in C with Linux

 3. Familiarization of console I/O and operators in C
	i) Display “Hello World”
	ii) Read two numbers, add them and display theirsum
	iii) Read the radius of a circle, calculate its area and display it
 	iv)Evaluate the arithmetic expression ((a -b / c * d + e) * (f +g)) and display its solution.Read
	the values of the variables from the user through console.

 4. Read 3 integer values and find the largest amoung them.

 5. Read a Natural Number and check whether the number is prime or not

 6. Read a Natural Number and check whether the number is Armstrong or not

 7. Read n integers, store them in an array and find their sum and average

 8. Read n integers, store them in an array and search for an element in the
	array using an algorithm for Linear Search

 9. Read n integers, store them in an array and sort the elements in the array using Bubble Sort
	algorithm

 10. Read a string (word), store it in an array and check whether it is a palindrome word or not.

 11.Read two strings (each one ending with a $ symbol), store them in
	arrays and concatenate them without using library functions.

 12. Read a string (ending with a $ symbol), store it in an array and count the number of vowels,
	consonants and spaces in it.

 13. Read two input each representing the distances between two points in the Euclidean space,
	store these in structure variables and add the two distance values.

 14. Using structure, read and print data of n employees (Name, Employee Id and Salary)

 15. Declare a union containing 5 string variables (Name, House Name, City Name, State and Pin
	code) each with a length of C_SIZE (user defined constant). Then, read and display the address of a
	person using a variable of the union.

 16. Find the factorial of a given Natural Number n usingrecursive and non recursive functions

 17. Read a string (word), store it in an array and obtain its reverse by using a user defined function.

 18. Write a menu driven program for performing matrix addition, multiplication and finding the
	transpose. Use functions to (i) read a matrix, (ii) find the sum of two matrices, (iii) find the product
	of two matrices, (i) find the transpose of a matrix and (v) display a matrix.

 19. Do the following using pointers
	i) add two numbers
	ii) swap two numbers using a user defined function
20. Input and Print the elements of an array using pointers

21. Compute sum of the elements stored in an array using pointers and user defined function.

22. Create a file and perform the following
	iii) Write data to the file
	iv) Read the data in a given file & display the file content on console
	v) append new data and display on console

23. Open a text input file and count number of characters, words and lines in it; and store the results
	in an output file